Alan/rr 82 forms (#65)
danielpaul/RapidRails: docs/forms.md

# Forms

> Our `RapidRailsFormBuilder` is a custom form builder class that provides additional functionality and customization for form fields.

Reviewer: link tot he RapidRailsFormBuilder file from here

Reviewer: say that it build on top of the default Rail's form builder and that they can customise the styling of the forms and things from there if they wish. but they can also decide not to use the form builder and go the default rails form route and style things themselves in the form

## Usage

To use this form builder, you need to specify it when using the form_with or form_for helper in your views:
> `= form_for :something, method: :post, builder: RapidRailsFormBuilder do |form|`

To show form errors render the `FormErrorsComponent` inside the form as follows:

> `= form_for(resource, as: resource_name, url: registration_path(resource_name), builder: RapidRailsFormBuilder`  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`= render FormErrorsComponent.new(resource)`

> ## Methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fields
```

> Here are some of the methods you can use with this form builder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the [Action View Form Helper](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/form_helpers.html#helpers-for-generating-form-elements) method work with RapidRails form builder. Here are some examples:
```

> 

Reviewer: screenshots of all the fields below would show them how these look like also

### **text_field, email_field, password_field, etc.**

> These methods create text-like fields. You can specify additional options such as `:label`, `:error`, `:hint`, and `:class`.

Reviewer: I think these are common for all. you can add hint and error to all of them so move this outside this heading and have a section for optional params that they can pass and show example of each? 

so screenshot of one with a hint, one with a custom error, one that is disabled, etc.

> `= form.submit 'Submit', class: 'custom-class'`

### **button**

This method creates a button. You can specify the `:class` option to add custom classes.

> `= form.button 'Cancel', class: 'custom-class'`

### **select and collection_select**

These methods create select fields. You can specify the `:class` option to add custom classes.

> `= form.select :category, Category.all, class: 'custom-class'`
  
> `= form.collection_select :category_id, Category.all, :id, :name, class: 'custom-class'`

### **check_box and radio_button**

These methods create checkbox and radio button fields. You can specify the :class option to add custom classes.

> `= form.check_box :remember_me, class: 'custom-class'`
  
> `= form.radio_button :gender, 'male', class: 'custom-class'`

## Styling

The `RapidRailsFormBuilder` adds default classes to the form fields for styling. You can override these classes by specifying the `:class` option. If you would like to change the default styling for all form fields, you can do so by editing the RapidRailsFormBuilder at `/app/helpers/rapid_rails_form_builder.rb`. 

The `FormErrorsComponent` can be edited in `/app/views/components/form_errors_component.rb`

> Form classes are located in `/app/assets/stylesheets/application.tailwind.css` and can be customized by editing the classes.

Reviewer: link to all the files
